# BeerBB-1K - Dataset

**A dataset for the task of beer bottle localization by Christopher Kümmel, Robin Mehlitz and Tom Oberhauser from Beuth University of Applied Sciences Berlin.**

We present **BeerBB-1K**, a dataset for the task of beer bottle localization. This dataset was generated by Christopher Kümmel, Robin Mehlitz and Tom Oberhauser in 2017 for a project in [Interactive Systems by Prof. Dr.-Ing. Kristian Hildebrand](http://hildebrand.beuth-hochschule.de) at the Beuth University of Applied Sciences Berlin.

## Overview

The dataset contains 1000 `.jpeg` images of a fixed size of 1000x750px. Every image has one or more beer bottles on it. Every image has a metadata `.json` file that contains information about the bounding boxes of the beer bottles. In addition to this it also contains information about the beer brand and the open-state of the bottle.

The pictures vary in quality and complexity to reflect the quality of real world smartphone images.

### Content

- `0000.jpg` - `0999.jpg`
    - color images 1000x750px
- `0000.json` - `0999.json`
    - contains an array of bounding box objects which contain:
        - `x` - x coordinate of upper left corner of the bounding box
        - `y` - y coordinate of upper left corner of the bounding box
        - `w` - width of the bounding box
        - `h` - height of the bounding box
        - `isOpen` - boolean, is the bottle open?
        - `brand` - beer brand

#### JSON Example

```json
[{
  "brand": "Berliner Kindl Pilsener",
  "h": 445,
  "isOpen": true,
  "w": 107,
  "x": 369,
  "y": 100
}, {
  "brand": "Radeberger Pilsner",
  "h": 625,
  "isOpen": false,
  "w": 151,
  "x": 422,
  "y": 58
}, {
  "brand": "Berliner Kindl Pilsener",
  "h": 629,
  "isOpen": false,
  "w": 169,
  "x": 582,
  "y": 75
}]
```

## License

This work is licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/).
